Improve wifi coex doc (#10766)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/protocols.rst

   protocols/multiprotocol/index
   protocols/nfc/index
   protocols/thread/index
   protocols/zigbee/index
   protocols/wifi/index

> For Wi-Fi coexistence with short range protocols (Bluetooth LE, Thread etc.), see the :ref:`ug_radio_coex` page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details on Wi-Fi coexistence with short range protocols (like Bluetooth LE or Thread), see the :ref:`ug_radio_coex` page.
```
